fix: RSA removed, according to #164 (#174)
italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs: docs/en/algorithms.rst

The following algorithms MUST be supported:
    
.. list-table:: 
  :widths: 20 20 20 20
  :header-rows: 1

  * - **Algorithm `alg` parameter value**
    - **Description**
    - **Operations**
    - **References**
  * - **ES256** 

>     - Elliptic Curve Digital Signature Algorithm (ECDSA) using one of the Agreed curves and SHA256.

Author: ```suggestion
    - Elliptic Curve Digital Signature Algorithm (ECDSA) using one of the enabled curves listed in the section below and SHA256.
```

    - Signature
    - :rfc:`7518`, `[SOG-IS] <https://www.sogis.eu/documents/cc/crypto/SOGIS-Agreed-Cryptographic-Mechanisms-1.3.pdf>`_, `[ETSI] <https://www.etsi.org/deliver/etsi_ts/119300_119399/119312/01.04.03_60/ts_119312v010403p.pdf>`_ .
  * - **ES384** 

>     - Elliptic Curve Digital Signature Algorithm (ECDSA) using one of the Agreed curves and SHA384.

Author: ```suggestion
    - Elliptic Curve Digital Signature Algorithm (ECDSA) using one of the enabled curves listed in the section below and SHA384.
```

    - Signature
    - :rfc:`7518`, `[SOG-IS] <https://www.sogis.eu/documents/cc/crypto/SOGIS-Agreed-Cryptographic-Mechanisms-1.3.pdf>`_, `[ETSI] <https://www.etsi.org/deliver/etsi_ts/119300_119399/119312/01.04.03_60/ts_119312v010403p.pdf>`_ .
  * - **ES512**

>     - Elliptic Curve Digital Signature Algorithm (ECDSA) using one of the Agreed curves and SHA521.

Author: ```suggestion
    - Elliptic Curve Digital Signature Algorithm (ECDSA) using one of the enabled curves listed in the section below and SHA521.
```
